c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SYDEFinalProject\SYDEFinalProject\bin\Debug\SYDEFinalProject.exe.config
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SYDEFinalProject\SYDEFinalProject\bin\Debug\SYDEFinalProject.exe
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SYDEFinalProject\SYDEFinalProject\bin\Debug\SYDEFinalProject.pdb
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SYDEFinalProject\SYDEFinalProject\obj\Debug\SYDEFinalProject.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SYDEFinalProject\SYDEFinalProject\obj\Debug\SYDEFinalProject.frmAddEmployeeScreen.resources
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SYDEFinalProject\SYDEFinalProject\obj\Debug\SYDEFinalProject.frmAddPatientScreen.resources
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SYDEFinalProject\SYDEFinalProject\obj\Debug\SYDEFinalProject.frmAddPhysicianScreen.resources
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SYDEFinalProject\SYDEFinalProject\obj\Debug\SYDEFinalProject.frmAdminLoginScreen.resources
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SYDEFinalProject\SYDEFinalProject\obj\Debug\SYDEFinalProject.frmBillingInfoScreen.resources
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SYDEFinalProject\SYDEFinalProject\obj\Debug\SYDEFinalProject.frmEmployeeInfoScreen.resources
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SYDEFinalProject\SYDEFinalProject\obj\Debug\SYDEFinalProject.frmEmployeesScreen.resources
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SYDEFinalProject\SYDEFinalProject\obj\Debug\SYDEFinalProject.frmEmployeeUpdateScreen.resources
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SYDEFinalProject\SYDEFinalProject\obj\Debug\SYDEFinalProject.frmHomeScreen.resources
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SYDEFinalProject\SYDEFinalProject\obj\Debug\SYDEFinalProject.frmMainScreen.resources
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SYDEFinalProject\SYDEFinalProject\obj\Debug\SYDEFinalProject.frmPatientInfoScreen.resources
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SYDEFinalProject\SYDEFinalProject\obj\Debug\SYDEFinalProject.frmPatientsScreen.resources
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SYDEFinalProject\SYDEFinalProject\obj\Debug\SYDEFinalProject.frmPatientUpdateScreen.resources
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SYDEFinalProject\SYDEFinalProject\obj\Debug\SYDEFinalProject.frmPhysicianInfoScreen.resources
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SYDEFinalProject\SYDEFinalProject\obj\Debug\SYDEFinalProject.frmPhysiciansScreen.resources
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SYDEFinalProject\SYDEFinalProject\obj\Debug\SYDEFinalProject.frmPhysicianUpdateScreen.resources
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SYDEFinalProject\SYDEFinalProject\obj\Debug\SYDEFinalProject.frmRoomInfo.resources
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SYDEFinalProject\SYDEFinalProject\obj\Debug\SYDEFinalProject.frmRoomsScreen.resources
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SYDEFinalProject\SYDEFinalProject\obj\Debug\SYDEFinalProject.frmSuppliesScreen.resources
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SYDEFinalProject\SYDEFinalProject\obj\Debug\SYDEFinalProject.frmTransactionScreen.resources
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SYDEFinalProject\SYDEFinalProject\obj\Debug\SYDEFinalProject.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SYDEFinalProject\SYDEFinalProject\obj\Debug\SYDEFinalProject.frmRegisterScreen.resources
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SYDEFinalProject\SYDEFinalProject\obj\Debug\SYDEFinalProject.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SYDEFinalProject\SYDEFinalProject\obj\Debug\SYDEFinalProject.exe
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SYDEFinalProject\SYDEFinalProject\obj\Debug\SYDEFinalProject.pdb
